feat: Add docs for two new execution errors related to canister_etadata (#6090)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/execution-errors.mdx

To fix this error, ensure that you are a controller of the canister that the snapshot belongs to.

### Canister metadata no wasm module

This indicates that you are trying to fetch the metdata of a canister while there is no Wasm module running on that canister.

An example of this error is:
```
  The canister xxx-xxx has no Wasm module and hence no metadata is available.
```

### Canister metadata section not found

This indicates that you are trying to fetch a metadata section that either does not exist, or that is private while you are not the controller of the canister.

An example of this error is:
```
  The canister xxx-xxx has no metadata section with the name <metadata section name>.
```

> TO fix this error, make sure the metadata section exists for the given canister and section name. Or in the case of a private section, resend the message with a principal that is the controller of the canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, make sure the metadata section exists for the given canister and section name. Or in the case of a private section, resend the message with a principal that is the controller of the canister.
```

To fix this error, ensure that you are a controller of the canister that the snapshot belongs to.

> ### Canister metadata no wasm module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Canister metadata no Wasm module
```

> This indicates that you are trying to fetch the metdata of a canister while there is no Wasm module running on that canister.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This indicates that you are trying to fetch the metadata of a canister while there is no Wasm module installed on that canister.
```

An example of this error is:
```
  The canister xxx-xxx has no Wasm module and hence no metadata is available.
```

> To fix this error, install a wasm module with the given metadata section if you are the controller of the canister.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this error, install a Wasm module with the given metadata section if you are a controller of the canister.
```

### Canister metadata section not found

> This indicates that you are trying to fetch a metadata section that either does not exist, or that is private while you are not the controller of the canister.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This indicates that you are trying to fetch a metadata section that either does not exist, or that is private while you are not a controller of the canister.
```

An example of this error is:
```

>   The canister xxx-xxx has no metadata section with the name <metadata section name>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The canister xxx-xxx has no metadata section with the name yyy-yyy.
```
to be consistent with the notation `xxx-xxx` for canister ID

```

> To fix this error, make sure the metadata section exists for the given canister and section name. Or in the case of a private section, resend the message with a principal that is the controller of the canister.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this error, make sure the metadata section exists for the given canister and section name. In the case of a private section, make sure the message is signed by a principal that is a controller of the canister.
```
